[phpBB3] Added Guide for phpBB3 (#977)
Uberspace/lab: source/guide_phpbb.rst

.. code-block:: console

 [isabell@stardust ~]$ mysql --verbose --execute="CREATE DATABASE ${USER}_phpbb"
 --------------
 CREATE DATABASE isabell_phpbb
 --------------
 [isabell@stardust ~]$

Installation
============

Step 1
------

Go to the phpBB download_ website and copy the URL of the latest ZIP release, e.g. ``https://download.phpbb.com/pub/release/3.3/3.3.3/phpBB-3.3.3.zip``.

Then, ``cd`` to your :manual:`document root <web-documentroot>` and download the latest release of phpBB and extract it:

::

 [isabell@stardust ~]$ cd ~/html/
 [isabell@stardust html]$ curl -L https://download.phpbb.com/pub/release/3.3/3.3.3/phpBB-3.3.3.zip -o phpbb.zip
  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
  100 25565    0 25565    0     0  22942      0 --:--:--  0:00:01 --:--:-- 22948
  100 5138k  100 5138k    0     0   769k      0  0:00:06  0:00:06 --:--:-- 1108k
 [isabell@stardust html]$ unzip phpbb.zip

>  [isabell@stardust html]$ mv phpBB3/* .

Reviewer: ```
[phpbb@ursa html]$ ll -a phpBB3/
total 8
drwxr-xr-x.  2 phpbb phpbb   23 Apr  5 21:33 .
drwxr-xr-x. 20 phpbb phpbb 4096 Apr  5 21:33 ..
-rw-r--r--.  1 phpbb phpbb 2734 Jan 25 22:07 .htaccess
```
This leaves the `.htaccess` behind. What do you think about this?
```
curl -L https://download.phpbb.com/pub/release/3.3/3.3.3/phpBB-3.3.3.tar.bz2 -o phpbb.tar.bz2
tar --strip-components 1 -xf phpbb.tar.bz2
rm phpbb.tar.bz2
```

Author: Thanks, I will also move the htaccess file.

Reviewer: Is there something wrong with the tar version? :sweat_smile: it saves two commands (additional `mv` and `rm`), which usually reduces the number of errors made, when people use the guide.

Author: No, of course there is nothing wrong with it :) It's a long day for me, I just have overseen it. Commit will come.

 [isabell@stardust html]$ rm phpbb.zip && rm phpBB3/ -rf
 [isabell@stardust html]$

Step 2 - GUI
------------

Now point your browser to your uberspace URL ``https://isabell.uber.space`` and follow the instructions of the Installer Assistant.
Click on the Tab "Install" to start the installation.

You will need to enter the following information:

  * Administrator username and password: choose a username (maybe not *admin*) and a strong password for the admin user

>   * your MySQL hostname, username, password and database name: the hostname is ``localhost`` and you should know your MySQL :manual_anchor:`credentials <database-mysql.html#login-credentials>` by now. If you don't, start reading again at the top. You can leave the Database server port empty. As database name insert the name of the created additional database.

Reviewer: Please don't belittle the user :) Maybe they skipped the "MySQL" stuff because they didn't know what that is, but saw "database" now, which they know.
```suggestion
  * your MySQL hostname, username, password and database name: the hostname is ``localhost``. Check the beginning of the guide for your :manual_anchor:`database credentials <database-mysql.html#login-credentials>`. You can leave the Database server port empty. As database name insert the name of the created additional database, e.g. ``isabell_phpbb``.
```

>   * Make additional settings like :manual:`SMTP <mail-access>` for sending E-mails.

Reviewer: The php mail function places mails in the same queue as the STMP server. There is no need set them.
```suggestion
```
